Now with weak map, we have a similar idea as with weak set.
So I have my person here,
let's say I didn't reset it yet and instead now, I'll also want to have my additional person data here.
So person data again can be a map but then if we use that person here as a key, we have the same as
with the set, with the normal set.
If we clear person, if the map is a normal map and we have person as a key there, the map will hold onto
it and not release it for garbage collection, might be what you want but if you know you don't need that,
you could use a weak map instead.
Now on a weak map, you can of course also call a couple of methods, way less than before
because again you can't loop through the entries because the entries, the amount of entries and so on
is simply not guaranteed which is why the size property is also not available. Javascript can't really
tell what's in the map because it can look at it
if you ask it with has and get if something is in there but other than that, it doesn't know if something
has been released yet, which is why you have that stripped down choice of methods but what you do
have of course is set
and then we can set person as a key
and now here, keys have to be objects so that this garbage collection thing makes sense and any value,
the value does not have to be an object, that could just be a string or whatever you want here.
Now with that same logic as before, as soon as we let go of that person object in all other places, like
here where I set my variable to null and therefore I get rid of the address which was stored in there,
Javascript is able to garbage collect this and the weak map won't stop it from garbage collecting this
here,
so from garbage collecting this person and therefore here, still we will probably see the person if we
log this weak map but eventually that will be garbage collected and it will not be part of that weak
map anymore.
So weak map and weak set,
advanced, very advanced concepts which you will rarely use but which can help you manage memory more
efficient in large applications where you have data which is fine to be deleted at some point which
you might want to manage in a map or a set and where you don't want to take care about manually clearing
data, well then weak map and weak that are great.
As I mentioned, not really something we'll immediately use here,
not really something you'll need in a lot of applications to be very honest but something you should
have at least have heard of if you want to become a Javascript developer so that that is something you
can utilize in bigger applications, more advanced applications and in your future career as a Javascript
developer in general.